README.md, before:



# Bytepad

Bytepad is a lightweight, terminal-based text editor written in C, built from scratch following the spirit of [Salvatore Sanfilippo's (antirez) Kilo](https://viewsourcecode.org/snaptoken/kilo/). It's designed to be minimal yet functional, offering a hands-on learning experience in low-level programming and terminal manipulation. 


## Inspiration
This project follows the step-by-step approach of the Kilo text editor tutorial (like the one at viewsourcecode.org/snaptoken/kilo/), inspired by antirez's [original work](github.com/antirez/kilo). It's a playground for learning terminal I/O, C programming, and the beauty of simplicity.


## Build and Run
1. Clone the repo:
```
   git clone https://github.com/tauseef-creator/bytepad.git
   cd bytepad
```
   
2. Compile the code:
```
   gcc bytepad.c -o bytepad
```
   
3. Run it:
```
  ./bytepad
```   


## Contributing
Feel free to fork, tinker, or suggest ideas! This is a learning project, so all feedback is welcome.

## License
MIT License, do whatever you want with it, just don't blame me if it eats your homework.

Commit message:

Update README to include construction note

README.md, after:



# Bytepad

Bytepad is a lightweight, terminal-based text editor written in C, built from scratch following the spirit of [Salvatore Sanfilippo's (antirez) Kilo](https://viewsourcecode.org/snaptoken/kilo/). It's designed to be minimal yet functional, offering a hands-on learning experience in low-level programming and terminal manipulation.


***Note: This project is still under construction.***


## Inspiration
This project follows the step-by-step approach of the Kilo text editor tutorial (like the one at viewsourcecode.org/snaptoken/kilo/), inspired by antirez's [original work](github.com/antirez/kilo). It's a playground for learning terminal I/O, C programming, and the beauty of simplicity.


## Build and Run
1. Clone the repo:
```
   git clone https://github.com/tauseef-creator/bytepad.git
   cd bytepad
```
   
2. Compile the code:
```
   gcc bytepad.c -o bytepad
```
   
3. Run it:
```
  ./bytepad
```   


## Contributing
Feel free to fork, tinker, or suggest ideas! This is a learning project, so all feedback is welcome.

## License
MIT License, do whatever you want with it, just don't blame me if it eats your homework.
